alright here we have my app radio 3 I
just had installed in my ridgeline and I
want to use the bypass because as you
know if you have this radio or maybe you
don't know but you can't even use the
GPS feature without a bypass on there so
I am gonna put that on I bought the
micro bypass I got it on eBay for 20
bucks pretty cheap comes with these
little directions on how to hook it up
and what wires to connect I saw a
different guy on YouTube that went to
RadioShack and got some quick splice
connectors to make it the wiring super
simple I paid about two dollars and some
change less than three bucks for that
and now I'm going to remove these four
screws pull off the radio and see if I
can figure out what it needs so with the
radio out I see the wires I need was
this light green wire right here not
this one the directions say the light
green wire that goes to the parking
brake and you can see that wire carry it
along back through here and goes
obviously back there to the to the
emergency brake then you also have this
black wire right here and then the blue
and white striped wire which is down
under here those are the three wires to
connect to and then I will be good okay
so I have said let successfully clip the
wires on the ends of these snap clips
just crimp them on there with some you
know good old handy-dandy cheap wire
cutters and I'm going to go into those
wires with my clips that clips just snap
in there and your wire goes in there and
you press it down and that gives you
connection and then these just slide
into those male and female and I should
be done so now I have paid put the green
wire in with the light green wire with
my three dollar RadioShack connector my
blue wire in with the blue and white
right down here my thumb is and black to
the black wire I'm gonna set the stereo
back up in there turn the key on and see
what happens
well that didn't work so that's not good
it's only working if I push it right
down then it comes in something's not
right
whoa bummer in that last video you saw
that I was not able to get that working
so what did i do I with no phone number
to call Micro bypass there was an email
I emailed Micro bypass at gmail.com
explained to them what was going on sent
him some pictures of what I had done a
guy named Matt got right back to me and
told me what I had did wrong and the
problem was the light green wire that
was going out to the emergency brake
that has to be cut where you connected
in and not go to the emergency brake so
about six inches away from the radio you
want to cut that and then what I did is
I took the little pin clamp that I had
on there I took that off I cut that and
then I just twisted the dark green wire
on the micro bypass to the light green
wire that came out of the radio twisted
those together put a wire nut on it and
boom everything worked perfectly I was
so excited I forgot the video it so now
I've already got my stereo back in here
I'm just going to hit the CD are the DVD
there and as you will see it pops up it
works just totally fine all right
perfect very cool so that's what I have
seen without the parking brake on and we
are good I got a preaching DVD in there
from last night so anyway that's how you
do it the guys at Micro bypass were
super cool to work with and I had no
problem once I did what he said it was
perfect that Radio three is great the
micro bypass is perfect and very very
easy to install thank you Micro bypass
Baba